B2b profile mgmt phase 1 (#7801)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/_includes/_architecture/_introduction.md

:::

<% if (platform === "b2b") { %>

> If your customers' organization supports the use of mutliple IDPs, then you can create separate Auth0 tenants for that organization; see [Tenant provision for complex organizations](#tenant-provision-for-complex-organizations) for further details. This allows you to keep the rest of your setup much simpler by maintaining a one-to-one connection relationship between your organization and all your customer organizations within your main tenant. 

Reviewer: You `can`, but we **recommend you do**. Perhaps this would be a better option: 

```suggestion
If your customers' organization supports the use of mutliple IDPs, then we recommend you create separate Auth0 tenants for that organization; see [Tenant provision for complex organizations](#tenant-provision-for-complex-organizations) for further details. This allows you to keep the rest of your setup much simpler by maintaining a one-to-one connection relationship between your organization and all your customer organizations within your main tenant. 
```

Author: Done in 7818
